Q1: What is the difference between EBS and S3?
EFS is:
1. A block storage.
2. Store files in hierarchy with permissions just like traditional file system.
3. Fast read and write speed.
4. It has to be attached to a particular EC2 instance. Cannot be attached to multiple instances.
5. It can only exists in a particular region.
6. There are multiple types of EBS volumes to choose from.

S3 is:
1. An object store.
2. Store object / file as a header associated with sequences of bytes.
3. Slow speed but very high data durability.
4. It can be universally accessible, and doesn't need to be attached to a particular EC2 instance.
5. It can be accessed from any region.

Q2: When would you consider a cloud infrastructure for your data science tasks?
1. Collaboration: My teammates are in different regions. I want my project content to be universally accessible so people in different regions can collaborate on it.
2. Cost: Using the service of cloud infrastructure is more economical than buying my own infrastructure.
3. Scalability: The required computation power and storage of my project may be low at the beginning but it may grow very fast potentially. The cloud infrastructure is highly scalable so I can change its capacity easily.
4. Dependability: If I don't have sufficient expertise in system management / operations, I should choose cloud infrastructure since its provider is specialized in this field and is much more dependable than myself.

Q3: What is the difference between spot instances and reserved instances?
Reserved instances:
1.Customers pay for instances with fixed compute capacity at fixed price for long time.
2.The price is cheaper than the spot instances for the same capacity.
3.Recommended for application with steady state and predicted usage.

Spot instances:
1.Customer only purchase compute capacity when needed with no upfront commitment, and thus it is more flexible.
2.Customer can specify the maximum hourly price rate to pay for the instance.
3.Recommended for application with changing usage and may encounter urgent computing needs.

Q4: List the names of four software packages installed on the UCB AMI
Running "yum list" gives me hundreds of installed yum packages, including: zookeeper, zvbi, zip,  zmap.
